Draft deployment guidelines (#46)
deepset-ai/hayhooks: docs/deployment_guidelines.md

## TL;DR

- Use a single worker environment if you have mainly I/O operations in your pipeline and/or a low number of concurrent requests.
- Use a multi-worker environment if you have mainly CPU-bound operations in your pipeline and/or a high number of concurrent requests.
- In any case, use `HAYHOOKS_PIPELINES_DIR` to share pipeline definitions across workers (if possible).

## Single worker environment

In a single worker environment, you typically run the application using:

```bash
hayhooks run
```

command (or having a single Docker container running). This will launch a **single `uvicorn` worker** to serve the application.

### Pipelines deployment (single worker)

You can deploy a pipeline using:

```bash
hayhooks deploy
```

command or do a `POST /deploy` request.

### Handling concurrent requests (single worker)

The `run()` method of the pipeline instance is synchronous code, and it's executed using `run_in_threadpool` to avoid blocking the main async event loop.

- If your pipeline is doing **mainly I/O operations** (like making HTTP requests, reading/writing files, etc.), the single worker should be able to handle concurrent requests.

> - If your pipeline is doing **mainly CPU-bound operations** (like computating embeddings), the GIL (Global Interpreter Lock) will prevent the worker from handling concurrent requests, so they will be queued.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your pipeline is doing **mainly CPU-bound operations** (like computing embeddings), the GIL (Global Interpreter Lock) will prevent the worker from handling concurrent requests, so they will be queued.
```

## Multiple workers environment

### Single instance with multiple workers

Currently, `hayhooks run` command does not support multiple `uvicorn` workers. However, you can run multiple instances of the application using directly the `uvicorn` command or [FastAPI CLI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/fastapi-cli/#fastapi-run) using `fastapi run` command.

> For example, if you enough cores to run 4 workers, you can use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you have enough cores to run 4 workers, you can use the following command:
```

```bash
fastapi run src/hayhooks/server/app.py --workers 4
```

> This vertical scaling approach allows you to handle more concurrent requests (according the available resources).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This vertical scaling approach allows you to handle more concurrent requests (depending on available resources).
```

### Multiple single-worker instances behind a load balancer

> In a multi-worker environment (for example on a Kubernetes `Deployment`) you typically have a `LoadBalancer` Service which distributes the traffic to a number of `Pod`s running the application (using `hayhooks run` command).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a multi-worker environment (for example on a Kubernetes `Deployment`) you typically have a `LoadBalancer` Service, which distributes the traffic to a number of `Pod`s running the application (using `hayhooks run` command).
```
